Brother Huo doesn't lie
If it really can save Brother Fire's illness
His life was paid for
If something happens to Huo Ge
Just fight him
scrap
How is Brother Huo?
Others have been stabilized
You go see him, really
come
It's not hot, oh my god
It's not hot anymore.
He got a fever because he drank the soup that made him sicker
I put a medicine bowl by the bed
Eat every two hours
Spare me after eating
Remember not to take drugs indiscriminately
My princess stays
Thank you, Princess, for saving Brother Huo
The life of the old cow is yours
At the disposal of the princess
stand up
Saving lives is a doctor's duty
Besides, he got hurt because of me
Sorry.
Just don't hate me
The princess apologized to us
Princess
Wait for me.
The princess doesn't seem to be the same as before
Princess, get up
Is Brother Huo a hot topic again?
No, get up.
Someone came to the palace
Please enter the palace with the prince immediately